lube-on-chain

Areas of Focus

- Onchain asset management frameworks  
- Quantitative and systematic strategy design  
- AI-assisted research pipelines  
- Automation and notification systems  
- Market structure and distribution
- Portfolio monitoring and reporting
  + More
----------
Technology Stack

- Agent and automation frameworks  
- Node.js / Python  
- Messaging and notification APIs  
- LLM based research tooling  
- Onchain analytics platforms  
- DeFi protocol interfaces
 + More
----------

Founder’s Letter


hello and gm,

with this being my first Founders Letter i figured this should help you understand me and what im doing. 

ive played sports my whole life. obsessed was an understatement.
playing sports in university. this taught me to compete. 
pandemic hits. sports cancelled.
all university students sent home.
me: im going to make the best of every single day 
also me: funds a td ameritrade account and starts reading everything / anything on investopedia.
pandemic blows over. slow grind to normalcy. sports end at university and enters the freedom of my schedule.

need to keep busy. landed job from 10pm-6am doing table games surverillance. 
40hrs counting cards at night. final university classes during the day. 
driving between work and university to me was wasted time. something i hate.
usher in bitcoin fundamentals. by the investors podcast. that was my behind the wheel pass time.
senior year at university means capstone. research. thesis. right?
i wrote mine on digital assets in '22. professor fails me for final paper. gave me passing credit. she hated the whole idea.
how could such an academic not understand perfect money?? this was humorus. 

now its 6am and the sun is rising. foot of fresh snowfall overnight in boston. ruined leather shoes from the slush. 
i pry open the door of my iced over car. a freezing zombie after a night shift. when a song comes through the speakers.
we always dream about this better life, this better life. on repeat via the radio.
then and there. it hit me. like a fucking mack truck. there was a better life.
a life of not working 24/7. freezing my ass off. struggling to get by.
it didnt have to be eights always split. +9 true count. double after split veruses dealer 6. econ 504 from 9:40-11. political science from 11-12. and chem lab from 3:40-5. 
3 hours of sleep. rinse and repeat. 
in fact it could be the opposite.
a vibrant life. kickstart a fulfilling career. explore new opportunities. see the world.

not long after i put the thought to paper. boom. change of plans. opt for the better life. 
sunshine. fresh opportunity. career. 
packed my car and drove 19 hours. got the keys to my apartment. rented a uhual. bought built and furnished my apartment. unpacked my car.
going on 24 hours no sleep. signed gym membership. wifi working. grocery shop.
no network. no contacts. no sense of direction. just an assignment to show up for work the coming monday to start my career in financial services.
within 36 hours. moved across the country. set up my new homebase in florida.
this is how fast people can move.

not all smooth sailing. hurricane in the first month. cockroaches and lizards infultrate my apartment. 
everything else seemingly got better after this. 
built out an unbelieveable network. gained my footing with working in client services.
only catch for this better life meant $24 per hour. a haircut from boston. honest to say the least. 
first few months were incredible. low stress. work 8-4. honest check. dollar drinks on the beach. local gym. surf. golf. 
simple. easy. banked the series 7. this was the better life. 

the peaceful bliss of the better life lasted all of five months.
left my job in client services. informative role just not for me. now alone in florida. no employment. bills rolling due.
around the same time. pump.fun launched. 
over the span of months following. solana project after project. meeting amazing people in the ecosystem.
confidence was through the roof. it was a time to be alive.
when i say confidence. i mean confidence.

it was in my interest to get a job. something i was interested in. provide structure. advance my career.
the structure was a contract to work on a bank trading desk. trading was always an interest.
convinced a head hunter to get me an inperson interview.
aced the inperson. rest was history. want to talk about underqualified. lol.
no technical experience. no benefits. no vacations.
just a contract to work. one of the largest banks in the world. on their trading desk. jackpot. 

where things got slippery were sleep provisions. the whole better life faded quick.
alarm at 7. into the office by 8. work senselessly until 5. immedeately pivot to solana. work into the night. lights out at 2am.
telegram vc. calls after calls. constantly minting buying selling smart contracts. relationship building. networking.
knowledge and curiousity drove me here. everything else was added benefit.
this was were things started to really change. 

had successfully traded a series of smart contracts. work paychecks started to come in.
habits started to compound. taking the risk for the better life. turned out to be a major growth mechanism.
my identity had changed. from a lifetime athlete. my whole day now consisted of finance. 
this nonstop flow of tradfi by day. defi by night. always glued to a computer.
the workflow was a masterclass in technicals. bank trading gave me fundamentals of excel and vba.
solana opened up my world to everything. html. java. python. rust. sql. talk about pandoras box.

contracts are not full time. my contract was nearly about to come due. 
learned a lot and respected everyone at the bank. just not for me. i moved on.
in university i had a friend of a friend. he ran a investment club at university.
within one call. five interviews. i finally had my meal ticket home.
the better life prooved a success. it was a stepping stone for growth. landed a front office role at an asset manager back in new england.

car gets packed up. apartment wiped clean. en route back to boston. where this all started.
investment consulting. all of the technical skills learned at the bank. all of the experience on solana. coming back to boston.
over 1.5 years. 57mm dollars raised for my firm. multiple 7 figure solana smart contracts launched. series 66. deeper knowledge of technicals. even deeper knowledge of financials.
up early. up late. servicing firm clients and accounts. running free on solana at night.
somehow i still dont feel right. job was amazing. culture like no other. best money ive ever made. just not for me.

draws a sip from the glass of burbon. looks down and sees. tokenized stocks to launch on solana.
in disbeleif. frantically steamrolls google ai with questions. 
the stars were aligning. this was how Forma Strategies was founded.


Best,
dru

----------

Disclosure

This repository contains research, experimental infrastructure, and technical
documentation.

All materials are provided for informational purposes only and do not
constitute investment advice, solicitation, or recommendation.

Participation in digital asset markets involves substantial risk.

----------

Roadmap

- Expansion of research coverage  
- Enhanced automation tooling  
- Advanced portfolio analytics  
- Multi-strategy frameworks  
- External collaboration modules  
- Institutional-grade reporting  

----------

## Contact

Professional inquiries and collaboration proposals will be considered on a case by case basis. you can try to pm me on x.

----------
